dear friend and why not say it
also dear fellow citizens I come to
bring something breaking news
that will not leave indifferent by
indifferent we understand the ass as well as
head or 95 degrees of your seat
I 'm going to put a trailer next
of a movie is a movie that everything
in our interior we were waiting
a jazz film you this film
you had to do guys
I am talking neither more nor less
movie of 'dora the explorer' and dora
the explorer in flesh and blood come
hold on now this is worth seeing
I'm going to leave the link of the trailer for
that you see it in your house
comfortable and seeing the plastic elements
of the composition of this film so
expected by water by society not
let's move on to discuss it let's see
oh my god it starts with a music
how can you
fantastic to my friends hello my friends
hi friends
is
to me
let's start because it's the girl of
modern family is alex audio my schedule
burying them flower you adore
who speak two languages
where
have a gun
the backpack the backpack please this
point the backpack of dora the explorer
it's the fantastic car mutation '
made backpack a talking backpack and the
light if that's not the fantastic car '
friend I do not know before which element of the
nature we are finding we are going
to continue
adventure in my mother
let's move on
and a bomb explodes because not because
dollar the pussy suspense of course
backlight to tip shovel
and I good good good
but
yes
luck
I am
more simulates the gym the dora the
explorer
we have seen still unexplored
in fact unexplored schedules no
they have this case nothing and they try
say with this movie we understand that
It's a family movie with a gun
plane crashes and neck split if
I have children to whom I put them
three- year-old children who are
they put the explorer every morning and I
they say good and have also done it
children carry the backpack the towel of the
beach and not only that but I have
that swallow the musical of a the
explorer and mom mommy says they take
see the movie of 'dora the explorer'
as he tells your son that hard gild
and hard nature
between the fucking mode that sure not
they do nothing in the movie except for
remove the rope when it is tied in
the chair the fantastic backpack and the
gun and the grenades that is spent
hard if it does not have to give in the
movie was a very normal person
it has left me this patidifusa me
I do what I do, I would say that I invite
to tiger this I am not a person yo yo yo
I feel pain
and I invite you to watch the trailer
I want you to tell me please
sensation has caused us
and know the news that it is made
and the dora movie the explorer
They are things that you say because I'm still alive
what's the point when we see each other
when I feel like what happens
we are goal